Write a blog on Difference between HTTP1.1 vs HTTP2:
* 1997-HTTP/1.1 loads resources one after the other, so if one resource cannot be loaded, it blocks all the other resources behind it. 
* 2015-In contrast, HTTP/2 is able to use a single TCP connection to send multiple streams of data at once so that no one resource blocks any other resource.
Compressing information
Executing multiple requests simultaneously
Reducing protocol overhead
Prioritizing requests
Enabling “server push”

*Multiplexing: HTTP/1.1 uses a series of ordered, blocking connections. In contrast, HTTP/2's multiplexing feature allows multiple requests and responses to be sent concurrently on a single connection, reducing latency and speeding up page loading.

Write a blog about objects and its internal representation in Javascript:
*Objects are different than primitive datatypes (i.e. number, string, boolean, etc.). Primitive data types contain one value but Objects can hold many values in form of Key: value pair. These keys can be variables or functions and are called properties and methods, respectively, in the context of an object.


codekata practice:sarted today onwards... 10-12-2023


Read about IP address, port, HTTP methods, MAC address:	
*An Internet Protocol (IP) address is a unique numerical identifier for every device or network that connects to the internet. Typically assigned by an internet service provider (ISP), an IP address is an online device address used for communicating across the internet.
*A port is a virtual point where network connections start and end. Ports are software-based and managed by a computer's operating system. Each port is associated with a specific process or service. Ports allow computers to easily differentiate between different kinds of traffic: emails go to a different port than webpages, for instance, even though both reach a computer over the same Internet connection.
*HTTP Methods
GET
POST
PUT
HEAD
DELETE
PATCH
OPTIONS
CONNECT
TRACE
*A MAC address, or media access control address, is a unique 12-digit hexadecimal number that identifies a device on a network. MAC addresses are often found on a device's network interface card (NIC).


https://github.com/reach2arunprakash/javascript-101/tree/master/ppt
